>> Steve: But the first thing I'm thinking
about, is the lodash over here, right.
Even gzip it's 23 kilobytes, right.
I happen to know having written the app,
that I am using exactly one
method from lodash, right.
And so
because I included one method from lodash,
I have to get all of lodash and
pay that cost.
So then there's an argument
of do use lodash?
Do you write yourself?
Like, how long do you wanna start walking
on that path before you proven lodash?
Slowly but surely,
if only there was a better way.
There are some libraries,
that will allow you to be more specific
about what you need from them.
So what I can do here, is I can go into
the code, and let's take a look for
where it is, I believe it's in
the note view container, nope.
>> Steve: There it is, bring it in,
the underscore from lodash,
which has got all the methods
that lodash does, right?
Like, I don't know how many
methods lodash has these days, but
it's enough to take up a large
chunk in my bundle of visualizer.
Cool, so it turns out with lodash
you can do this really cool thing,
where all I'm using is
the transform method.
Cuz I have an object with keys and
values, I need an array, so
I'm using the transform method and
I'm turning it into that.
But what I can do is I can
type lodash/transform,
now we'll just call this transform.
We'll get rid of that.
First of all, it means I don't have to
type that lame underscore all the time,
so that's a win.
Let's go ahead, and
rebuild and see what happens.
>> Steve: Building is fun.
>> Steve: My suspicion,
is that I'm going to get a smaller bundle.
We will see this together.
>> Steve: Cool, so before,
this is what we had, right.
Now, code mirror still large and
in charge, but
lodash we're using lodash that is equal.
Transform is not just transform,
it uses some other lodash methods, so
not totally out of the woods here.
But, I went from 500 kilobytes
that's not my 300 kilobyte goal,
and like think about how simple
this app is I already blew past
300 with like aside bar,
a mark down note and an editor.
It means the 500 we're now down to 450, so
it's shaved 10% of he size of our
bundle by typing like 10 characters.
I'll call that a win, right?
And you might be like,
listen I use a lot of lodash,
I'm not going through the files and
doing that for every single thing.
Luckily, you can cheat which is
kind of great, there is a babel
plugin that when it compiles your
code will automatically switch out.
Every time you use lodash for
the require lodash slash whatever,
and just do it all for you.
We can turn this code back,
>> Steve: The way it was,
so again,
incurring that 50 kilobyte tax again.
And I have it in this package json, so
you can see it
>> Steve: Babel-plugin-lodash, and its
sole job is to do what I did, in all the
files of your application for you, right?
And so, if you have a large
application and you're like, I
don't want to do this by hand because I'm
to good for that and it's very nice out.
You can install this plugin and
you can be done.
So we'll go to the babelrc,
and we'll say plugins,
I would also like to
use the lodash plugin.
>> Steve: So remember I turned
the code back to the way it was,
I originally started out with.
And so my hope is that it will basically
rewriting my code for me at compile time.
I think one of the really interesting
things that's going to happen to the web
over the next kinda few years, which
is before everything was happening in
the browser, like how much stuff
can we do in the build pipeline?
How many things,
how many optimizations can we make?
We saw optimized JS earlier,
you can see it again now.
You can see these are effectively
indistinguishable.
The code is slightly different
because like we rewrote it.
But I started with the original code,
I used the babel plugin,
I still get to have my 50
kilobyte savings, right great.
All right, but
there are some other culprits in here,
like we can all see
the elephant in the room here.
Who's the problem right now?
Codemirror is the problem,
codemirror is accounting for
of my par size, or
even my js size, the lions share.
It's pars 162 kilobytes, gzip 53, right.
That is again, effectively like
a third of my bundle, right.
And again, if they never click on edit
they will never even use this code.
They will pay the tax to parson it,
they will pay the tax of downloading it,
they will never actually use it, and
my app would be a lot snappier and
quicker to load if I just didn't do this.